Support Sidebar: add link to Support Forum and update Discord icon (#3803)
sourcegraph/cody: vscode/CHANGELOG.md

- Command: Ghost text hint for `Document Code` ("Alt+D to Document") now only shows on documentable symbols without an existing docstring. [pull/3622](https://github.com/sourcegraph/cody/pull/3622)
- Chat: Updates to the latest GPT 4 Turbo model. [pull/3790](https://github.com/sourcegraph/cody/pull/3790)
- Chat: Slightly speeds up enhanced context fetching on Cody Free and Cody Pro when both embeddings and search is used. [pull/3798](https://github.com/sourcegraph/cody/pull/3798)

> - Support Sidebar: Added link to our new [Community Forum](https://community.sourcegraph.com/c/cody/vs-code/6). [pull/3803](https://github.com/sourcegraph/cody/pull/3803)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support Sidebar: Consolidated all support links to our new [Support page](https://srcgr.ph/cody-support), which includes a new [Community Forum](https://community.sourcegraph.com/c/cody/vs-code/6) for user discussion.. [pull/3803](https://github.com/sourcegraph/cody/pull/3803)
```
